add clarification for the slightly pretentious name. (#396)
Tribler/py-ipv8: README.md

## What is IPv8 ?

IPv8 aims to provide authenticated communication with privacy.

> The design paradigm behind IPv8 is enabling end-to-end authenticated communication between any public key pair through an overlay, IP adresses with fixed network attachment are abstracted away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The design principle is to enable communication between public key pairs: IP addresses and physical network attachment points are abstracted away.
```
